oh fuck no really ok we get it out of
there maybe before Derek let me zoom in
on the cracking okay let's see it
doesn't work anymore let's practice in
revelle save yourself buddy so there's
nothing like let's count latina dry fish
very good it's okay really you're so
good thing you guys like I don't think
it you're desperate if you're you know
Tara wet that's likely come smells like
tuna
oh I can smell it now mm-hmm that's not
so verse oh let me get a closer french
kiss you I'm not gonna let you
Faison tuna
no no no we care about whichever it is
this is kiss stay away is our Philippine
did not taste dress are you anymore I
don't care to you more